the city of Sheffield it may not be the
most glamorous in the world but you'd be
amazed at just what's come out of the
place there's Sheffield steel of course
there's Sheffield Wednesday and then
there's well as the full monty obviously
suit yourselves and then there's this
from Ginetta the g20 it may look pretty
modern and swoopy and futuristic but
start to look at it and you can see how
its roots go back some 40 years and at
the haunch is there's certainly
something of the old Jaguar C and D type
race cars at the front these lights by
the way nicked for a Mazda mx-5 you
don't need me to tell you this is
obviously a stripped out bear racer and
that's both good and bad bad because you
find it's lacking certain things like
well doors which can be a bit
inconvenient in it little inelegant to
say the least and then we set into the
cockpit and it's a bit chilly so let's
have the heater on shall we know one of
those rainy windscreen wipers windscreen
no windows in fact nothing not even a
stereo but we do have a big red button
that does that which is good
the only thing you do get in here is the
engine up front there it's a Ford unit
you've got a choice of either a 2-liter
Pinto or the more modern and smaller 1.8
liter VTEC and it is good news that
there Ford because that means well as
the loads and loads of parts will be
cheap with what is a reasonably powerful
engine then in a car that weighs less
than a packet of in the top
absolutely no adornments top
surprisingly performance is pretty good
we'll get from northeast at 60 miles an
hour and six point four seconds and the
top speed of 126 but remember this there
is no wings
spoken of these pickens flies out of
your teeth for weeks you can't breathe
when you're driving it it really does
remind you of some of those peak sixties
racers but it's small this is a tiny car
it's actually smaller in pretty much
every direction than a Nissan Micra good
news is the price tag is pretty kinky
too for a built one of these you'll pay
about 13 grand about 8 grand to have one
in kit form if you put that into context
in the market for 50 quid less than that
13 grand you can have the entry-level
Caterham but that's only a 1.6 a
Westfield it's basically the same sort
of car 1.8 entry-level is 2 grand more
the nearest volume manufacturing car
would be the Mazda mx-5 but that's
really 2 grand more again and it's a
completely different beast driven far
more civilized it's not a bear racer
like this but that's we've got a lot of
4 bits here as well as the engine most
of the running gear so the suspension
components are all Sierra source which
doesn't sound exciting but of course
it's all down to the setup and the
carbon they used on because big family
hatch of this ain't
every little input through the steering
wheel results in a small change of
direction and you can feel that change
of direction and every move the cars
making moves back through the wheel to
you and through the seat of your pants
as well so it really is a proper little
racecar feel and of course most of these
will be used on tracks as driving
experiences go it is a marvelous feeling
having no windscreen I don't even know
if you can hear me because the deep it
is definitely wind in your teeth and
flies in your hair or something like
that more than a bit breezy but you
really do feel you're making progress
there's something really rather
invigorating about driving around in a
bear stripped out racer particularly in
the hometown of the full monty here in
Sheffield it's something that I could
really rather start to enjoy I might
even take it more often it's a bit
breezy all right Long's is no rain I
reckon we'll be fine
I love vinyl seats